Serverspec is a form of _integration testing_, where you verify that multiple components function correctly together.

ChefSpec is a form of _unit testing_, where you verify that a single component, such as a Chef resource, functions correctly. Unlike integration testing, unit testing does not focus on how multiple components work together.

Serverspec tests run on an actual instance, such as a virtual machine. You typically run Serverspec tests after you complete a feature to ensure that it works well with other features, and that your new feature doesn't break existing functionality.

ChefSpec tests run in memory, and not on an actual instance. Because ChefSpec tests typically run more quickly, you might run them more often than Serverspec tests as you develop each feature.

It's not necessary to write both ChefSpec and Serverspec tests for every resource or feature that you add.

Write ChefSpec tests to verify a component's behavior that varies based on the environment or other variable input, for example, a component that behaves differently when run on different platforms or different versions of the same platform.

Write Serverspec tests to verify the end state of your configuration. The end state often includes requirements that are not explicitly mentioned in your cookbooks. For example, when you set up a web server or a database server, you may want to ensure that certain ports are open. Having the correct Serverspec tests in place helps you pinpoint the root case of failure if another change breaks your desired state.
